# Prompts

Make sure that the Definitive LaTeX & Scientific Writing Environment for Doom Emacs can use multiple .bib files. Integrate with org-roam-bibtex and consult-bibtex if it enhances the environment. Only point out the changes you made. You dont need to write the whole Latex and Scientific Writing configuration. 

For the attached doom emacs configuration files, change the appropriate hex codes to tokyonight night theme from doom themes. You do not need to rewrite the whole configuration files. Only point out where to make the changes.

For the spell section in the attached doom emacs configuration files, replace flyspell with jinx from https://github.com/minad/jinx. Make sure it has the following properties: it must not spell check in prog-mode, conf-mode and other sensible modes. In org mode, it must disable spell checking for org headlines and headers. Also jinx must have the option to disable spell checking for certain custom words and phrases.

When writing in canvas, make sure the configuration uses a markdown format that can be copied directly.


Using my attached doom emacs configuration files (config.el, init.el, packages.el) as a guide, write a comprehensive and state-of-the-art python programming configuration that includes lsp-mode, treesitters, formatters, linters, and dap-mode integrations using my configuration files. Use pyright for lsp-mode, python black for formatting, pylint for linting and debugpy for dap-mode, and automatically enable tree-sitter for python. All these features must work inside python files, but also make sure all of these work in org src code blocks as well. For programming python in org source code blocks, I will need comprehensive support for jupyter. Keep in mind that doom emacs already ships with default configurations for python in general and jupyter in org-mode. Do not overlap the configurations. Make sure that this setup is well integrated with the rest of the doom emacs configuration files. Make sure this configuration allows code completion inside python files and org source code blocks. Make sure search the web before writing anything. Do not introduce errors. I want to do python programming both in python files as well as src code blocks in org files. In other words, I want doom emacs to behave like a fully featured IDE for python programming, as well as, behave like a jupyter notebook in org-mode. Think for a while before writing anything and write an in-depth configuration and take great care writing it. Plus, you do not have to rewrite my whole doom emacs configuration.

The above instructions form the first interation of your task. In the second iteration, first enhance your generated configuration. Then find and fix any errors/issues in the configuration. Then rewrite the whole generated configurations. In the third iteration, find and fix further errors/issues in your configuration. Then rewrite your whole configuration. In all the iterations, you do not need to rewrite my whole doom emacs configuration.
