First increase the thinking budget for this task. Then think of yourself as using the org-mode configuration for your daily tasks and productivity. Then, for the attached emacs configuration file, containing the org-mode configuration, make sure the whole org configuration has a consistent workflow and a consistent custom unicode configuration for the whole org mode, including org-todo-keywords, org-todo-keyword-faces, org-agenda, org-super-agenda, org-capture, and org-modern. Change the emojis based unicode icons for more practical emojis that fit the description. Search the web to find out if one of or both org-todo-keywords and org-todo-keyword-faces need to be configured if org-modern-todo-faces is set up. Feel free to change the configurations and the custom templates. Feel free to change the custom unicode icons if necessary for a sensible and consistent configuration. Make sure that the tokyonight theming is consistent across the whole org-mode setup. And make sure the modeline is disabled for all org modes like org capture and org agenda but enabled for .org files. Do not add any other org-packages. Make sure that the emojis icons print properly in emacs. Then write out the changes in a nicely formatted markdown file.Issues


In the org-mode section of the attached emacs configuration, I have the following requests:
- Are there any missing emojis that need to be added?
- Match the emojis for the capture templates with emojis in other areas. Also add emojis for the following org-capture-templates: Note, Journal, Meeting, Book.
- There are missing emojis in certain org-agenda-custom-commands. Does org-super-agenda fill the emojis for those org-agenda-custom-commands? If not then add missing emojis.
- Add more org-roam-capture-templates

First increase your thinking budget. My base emacs configuration is in the attached config.txt file. Implement all the features mentioned used by doom emacs in the attached doom-buffer-management.md file into vanilla emacs 30 configurations. Then integrate these features into my own vanilla emacs configuration in the attached txt file. Make sure to carefully read all of the content from the attached doom-buffer-management.md and implement all the features from this to vanilla emacs configurations. Search the doom emacs project in github to help you do this. But instead of using the persp-mode package, use the perspective.el emacs package to achieve the functionalities in the attached doom-buffer-management.md file. Make sure to include configurations for  projectile and ibuffer setups mentioned in this file. Make sure to integrate configurations from the attached workflow.md file as well except for the persp-mode package.

Then write out the changes for the attached config.txt containing my emacs configuration in a nicely formatted markdown file. You do not need to write the contents of the whole changed config.txt, only write out the changes you suggest.

For the emacs configuration in the attached config.txt file, write comprehensive and separate dired/dirvish configurations with both having the following features: integrates with nerd-icons; sensible keybindings like doom-emacs; has doom-like settings for both dired/dirvish; dirvish is fast and optimized with minimal lag; dirvish must look, feel and behave like the yazi file-manager. Then write out the changes in a nicely markdown file. You do not need to rewrite the whole configuration, only write out the changes. I need both a dired configuration and a dirvish configuration.

## lsp-mode, dap-mode, flycheck, apheleia, treesit
First increase your thinking budget as much as you can. Then, for the attached config.txt file containing my emacs configuration file, write a comprehensive lsp setup using lsp-mode with modern IDE features. Then write a comprehensive debugging configuration using dap-mode. Also setup flycheck for syntax checking, and apheleia for formatting. Make sure lsp-ui-peek is enabled for lsp-mode. Make sure to employ lsp-ui for LSP and dap-ui for debugging. Make sure to hand over syntax-checking to lsp-mode when lsp-mode is active. Make sure apheleia allows auto-formatting on save, but use lsp-mode's formatter if the active client has the capabilities. Make sure lsp-mode is well-optimized with minimal lag and has nerd-icons integration. Make sure dap-mode is also well-optimized with minimal lag and has nerd-icons integration. Optimizations may also be applied for syntax-checking and formatting, as well as nerd-icons, if applicable. You may borrow and integrate features from the doom emacs project for all the above configurations. Then write a comprehensive and optimized tree-sitter configuration using the built-in treesit module in emacs for all languages in general. Write treesit and treesit-auto configurations for the treesit configuration. Make sure all these packages are also enabled inside org babel and org source code blocks. Then integrate all these configurations in my own emacs configuration. Make sure all the configurations are keybooard centric. Do not setup gcmh. Then write out the changes in a nicely formatted markdown file. You do not need to rewrite the whole emacs configuration in config.txt. Make sure to search the web before writing anything. Do not introduce errors. Think for a while before writing and take great care while writing the configurations.


## eglot, dape, eldoc, flymake, apheleia, treesit, eglot-booster (possibly)
First increase your thinking budget as much as you can. Then, for the attached config.txt file containing my emacs configuration file, write a comprehensive lsp setup using the built-in eglot to communicate with the language servers. with modern IDE features. Then write a comprehensive debugging configuration using dap-mode. Also setup flycheck for syntax checking, and apheleia for formatting. Make sure lsp-ui-peek is enabled for lsp-mode. Make sure to employ lsp-ui for LSP and dap-ui for debugging. Make sure to hand over syntax-checking to lsp-mode when lsp-mode is active. Make sure apheleia allows auto-formatting on save, but use lsp-mode's formatter if the active client has the capabilities. Make sure lsp-mode is well-optimized with minimal lag and has nerd-icons integration. Make sure dap-mode is also well-optimized with minimal lag and has nerd-icons integration. Optimizations may also be applied for syntax-checking and formatting, as well as nerd-icons, if applicable. You may borrow and integrate features from the doom emacs project for all the above configurations. Then write a comprehensive and optimized tree-sitter configuration using the built-in treesit module in emacs for all languages in general. Write treesit and treesit-auto configurations for the treesit configuration. Make sure all these packages are also enabled inside org babel and org source code blocks. Then integrate all these configurations in my own emacs configuration. Make sure all the configurations are keybooard centric. Do not setup gcmh. Then write out the changes in a nicely formatted markdown file. You do not need to rewrite the whole emacs configuration in config.txt. Make sure to search the web before writing anything. Do not introduce errors. Think for a while before writing and take great care while writing the configurations.

[Questions]: Are both eldoc-box and eglot-sideline needed?



For the 4th iteration and final iteration, update the configuration above to rely on keyboard focus use and use evil-textobj-tree-sitter from https://github.com/meain/evil-textobj-tree-sitter instead of emacs-treesitter (this package does not exist) and evil-textobj-tree-sitter now supports treesit. Remove the gcmh package.  Find and fix any further errors/issues in the above configuration. Then see if treesit (built-in) itself can benefit from a separate use-package setup. Do not remove treesit-auto and treesit-fold. Do not use lsp-managed-mode. For python debugging setup dap-python instead of the manual settings in dap-mode. Make sure to keep and/or add modern IDE features. Make sure to search the web before making any changes/corrections. Do not introduce any errors. Then rewrite the whole configuration in  a nicely formatted markdown file. You do not rewrite the whole configuration in the config.txt file.
